Demos hub (#133)
PennyLaneAI/qml: demos_submission.rst

 .. role:: html(raw)
   :format: html

How to submit a demo
====================

.. meta::

>    :property="og:description": Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms using PennyLane and near-term quantum hardware.

Reviewer: Please use a separate description for each page

   :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/demos_card.png

To submit your own demo you can follow the steps below, beginning with creating
a demo, followed by filling in a demo-submission template and posting it as an
`issue to the PennyLane QML GitHub repository <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/qml/issues/new?assignees=&labels=demos&template=community-demo.md&title=%5BDEMO%5D>`_

Create a demo
-------------
Create a demonstration/tutorial using PennyLane and upload it to a source code

> hosting service such as GitHub, Bitbucket or GitLab. Good formats for a demonstration include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hosting service such as GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab. Good formats for a demonstration include:
```

> * Jupyter notebooks [`example <https://github.com/lanabozanic/quantum_natural_gradient/blob/master/qng_tutorial.ipynb>`__].
> 
> * Python scripts with detailed comments and explanations
>   [`example <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/qml/blob/master/demonstrations/tutorial_vqe.py>`__].
> 
> * Repositories containing a collection of Python scripts, Jupyter notebooks, and
>   documentation/dependencies [`example1 <https://github.com/PatrickHuembeli/vqc_loss_landscapes>`__,
>   `example2 <https://github.com/hsim13372/quantum_natural_gradient>`__].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Jupyter notebooks [`example <https://github.com/lanabozanic/quantum_natural_gradient/blob/master/qng_tutorial.ipynb>`__]

* Python scripts with detailed comments and explanations
  [`example <https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/qml/blob/master/demonstrations/tutorial_vqe.py>`__]

* Repositories containing a collection of Python scripts, Jupyter notebooks, and
  documentation/dependencies [`example1 <https://github.com/PatrickHuembeli/vqc_loss_landscapes>`__,
  `example2 <https://github.com/hsim13372/quantum_natural_gradient>`__]
```

> Alternatively, you can also submit a link to a rendered Jupyter notebook using e.g. `Colab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also submit a link to a rendered Jupyter notebook using e.g., `Colab
```

<https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/intro.ipynb>`_, `nbviewer

> <https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/>`_, `Sagemaker <https://aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/>`_ or `Binder <https://mybinder.org/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/>`_, `Sagemaker <https://aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/>`_, or `Binder <https://mybinder.org/>`_.
```

Guidelines
^^^^^^^^^^

While you are free to be as creative as you like with your demo, there are a

> couple of guidelines that might be good keep in mind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
couple of guidelines that might be good to keep in mind.
```

The following guidelines refer to the content of the demo itself, or, if submitting
a GitHub repository, the repository documentation/README file.

* The demo should include your name (and optionally email) at the top under the
  title.

* The title should be clear and concise, and if based on a paper it should be
  similar to the paper that is being implemented.

* All demos should include a summary below the title. The summary should be 1-3
  sentences that makes clear the goal and outcome of the demo, and links to any
  papers/resources used.

* Code should be clearly commented and explained.

* If your content contains random variables/outputs, a fixed seed should be set
  for reproducibility.

* All content should be original or free to reuse subject to license
  compatibility. For example, if you are implementing someone else's research,
  reach out first to receive permission to reproduce exact figures. Otherwise,
  avoid direct screenshots from papers, and instead refer to figures in the
  paper within the text.

> * Include the demos dependencies (e.g. PennyLane version along with any relevant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Include the demo's dependencies (e.g., PennyLane version along with any relevant
```

  PennyLane plugin version). If possible, include a ``requirements.txt`` file
  along with your local output after running ``pip freeze``.

Open an issue
-------------

Open a `new issue on the PennyLane QML GitHub repository
<https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/qml/issues/new?assignees=&labels=demos&template=community-demo.md&title=%5BDEMO%5D>`_

> using the "Community demo" template. Please include at least your name, a title, an abstract and a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the "Community demo" template. Please include at least your name, a title, an abstract, and a
```

link to your uploaded demonstration/tutorial. An example follows (you can simply
replace relevant parts with your own information).

.. code-block:: none

    #### General information

    **name**
    Ada Lovelace

    **affiliation**
    Quantum University

    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    #### Demo information

    **title**
    Frugal shot optimization with Rosalin

    **abstract**
    In this tutorial we investigate and implement the Rosalin (Random Operator
    Sampling for Adaptive Learning with Individual Number of shots) from
    Arrasmith et al. [#arrasmith2020]_. In this paper, a strategy is introduced
    for reducing the number of shots required when optimizing variational
    quantum algorithms, by both:

    * Frugally adapting the number of shots used per parameter update, and
    * Performing a weighted sampling of operators from the cost Hamiltonian.

    **relevant links**
    https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_rosalin.html
    https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.06252

> The title of your issue should be "[DEMO] your-demo-title" (e.g. "[DEMO] Frugal shot optimization with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The title of your issue should be "[DEMO] your-demo-title" (e.g., "[DEMO] Frugal shot optimization with
```

> Rosalin", without the quotes), and there should be a "demos" label on the
> right-hand side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rosalin", without the quotes), and make sure the "demos" label on the
right-hand side is checked.
```

 .. role:: html(raw)
   :format: html

> How to submit a demo

Reviewer 2: I imagine, in the short term, we could simply duplicate the 'Contributing' section of the README here

====================

.. meta::
   :property="og:description": Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms using PennyLane and near-term quantum hardware.
   :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/demos_card.png

> Write this when implementing the community page.

Reviewer 2: Looks like this still needs to be written :)

Author: Yes, I've actually written this in a separate branch, since I thought the community page would entail a lot more work. I'll create a separate PR for it today and then merged it into this branch. :slightly_smiling_face:

.. raw:: html

>     <link href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mdbootstrap/4.8.10/css/mdb.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

Reviewer 3: What's this for?

Author: Honestly, I'm not really sure. Things don't show properly without it though. Perhaps @josh146 can explain why this is needed?

Reviewer 2: Oh, this is because the `mdb` CSS is not included by default on most pages (as it is not needed, and minimizing the amount of CSS to load decreases page load time). On pages where MDB components are used, however, it has to be included.

* If your content contains random variables/outputs, a fixed seed should be set
  for reproducibility.

* All content should be original or free to reuse subject to license
  compatibility. For example, if you are implementing someone else's research,
  reach out first to receive permission to reproduce exact figures. Otherwise,
  avoid direct screenshots from papers, and instead refer to figures in the
  paper within the text.

* Include the demos dependencies (e.g. PennyLane version along with any relevant
  PennyLane plugin version). If possible, include a ``requirements.txt`` file
  along with your local output after running ``pip freeze``.

Open an issue
-------------

Open a `new issue on the PennyLane QML GitHub repository
<https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/qml/issues/new?assignees=&labels=demos&template=community-demo.md&title=%5BDEMO%5D>`_
using the "Community demo" template. Please include at least your name, a title, an abstract and a
link to your uploaded demonstration/tutorial. An example follows (you can simply
replace relevant parts with your own information).

.. code-block:: none

    #### General information

    **name**

>     John Doe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Ada Lovelace
```
Good to be balanced :)
